README.md, before:

# netCVwork

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).

## Features!


## Quickstart

netCVwork requires [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/downloads.html) v2+ and [Virtual Box](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads) to run.

Tbhe following setup is used to create the development environment.

Install Vagrant and Virtual Box and clone this repository.

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/psa95/netCVwork.git
$ cd netCVwork
```

Now, from inside the folder, run the following command:

```sh
$ vagrant up
```

***Note (Windows Users):*** Please run all commands pertaining to ***_Vagrant_*** in a Powershell window (with Administrator Privileges) to avoid any issues.

The above command will create a new virtual instance for the application, and install all required system and node dependencies.
Once the setup is done, we need to connect to the Vagrant server, navigate to the project, and start it.

```sh
$ vagrant ssh
$ cd /vagrant/
$ npm run-script start-local
```

Once `npm run-script start-local` is run and the server is started, on the host PC you can navigate to `localhost:8881` to find the web application.

## Git

To create a new branch
```sh
$ git checkout -b <branchname>
```
Always remember to create a new branch to edit the code.
Never mess with the master branch.

To display all the branches
```sh
$ git branch
```

To use a previous created branch
```sh
$ git checkout <branchname>
```

To push your work to the current branch

To add all the files to the branch
```sh
$ git add .
```
To add only one file to the branch
```sh
$ git add <filename>
```
To commit to the branch
```sh
$ git commit -m "some meaningful message"
```
To push to the branch
```sh
$ git push origin <branchname>
```

If there are updates on the master branch
Follow the below steps to update your branch

```sh
$ git fetch origin
$ git merge origin/master
```
If there are any conflicts, resolve them in your code editor
```sh
$ git add .
$ git commit -m "message"
$ git push origin <branchname>
```

Commit message:

Vagrant hidden; Local Keys Added

README.md, after:

# netCVwork

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).

## Features!


## Quickstart

## VAGRANT DISABLED

netCVwork requires [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/downloads.html) v2+ and [Virtual Box](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads) to run.

Tbhe following setup is used to create the development environment.

Install Vagrant and Virtual Box and clone this repository.

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/psa95/netCVwork.git
$ cd netCVwork
```

Now, from inside the folder, run the following command:

```sh
$ vagrant up
```

***Note (Windows Users):*** Please run all commands pertaining to ***_Vagrant_*** in a Powershell window (with Administrator Privileges) to avoid any issues.

The above command will create a new virtual instance for the application, and install all required system and node dependencies.
Once the setup is done, we need to startup our MongoDB service within the Vagrant Server.

```sh
$ vagrant ssh
$ sudo mongod
```
Now, we need to build our React frontend in a ***new command window***.

```sh
$ vagrant ssh
$ cd /vagrant/client
$ npm run-script build
```

Next, navigate to the main project, and start it.

```sh
$ cd /vagrant/
$ npm run-script server
```

Once `npm run-script server` is run and the server is started, on the host PC you can navigate to `localhost:8882` to find the web application.

## Quickstart

Install all dependencies by typing the following in a terminal window:
```sh
$ npm install
$ cd client
$ npm run-script build
$ cd..
$ npm run-script server
```

## Git

To create a new branch
```sh
$ git checkout -b <branchname>
```
Always remember to create a new branch to edit the code.
Never mess with the master branch.

To display all the branches
```sh
$ git branch
```

To use a previous created branch
```sh
$ git checkout <branchname>
```

To push your work to the current branch

To add all the files to the branch
```sh
$ git add .
```
To add only one file to the branch
```sh
$ git add <filename>
```
To commit to the branch
```sh
$ git commit -m "some meaningful message"
```
To push to the branch
```sh
$ git push origin <branchname>
```

If there are updates on the master branch
Follow the below steps to update your branch

```sh
$ git fetch origin
$ git merge origin/master
```
If there are any conflicts, resolve them in your code editor
```sh
$ git add .
$ git commit -m "message"
$ git push origin <branchname>
```
